README.md, before:

 # A game modeled on realm of mad god (University Project)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

A brief description of your project goes here.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [How_to_play](#how_to_play)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

### 1. Clone the Repository:
```	bash
git clone https://github.com/Hunter2k02/pygame_game
cd pygame_game
```	
### 2. Install Dependencies:
```	bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```	
### 3. Run the Game:
```	bash
python main.py
```	

## How_to_play
- **Objective:** Survive as long as possible, defeat enemies to strengthen your character. Your ultimate goal is to defeat the final boss located at the end of the map.
- **Leveling Up:** Gain experience by defeating monsters. Use experience points to level up your character and unlock new abilities.
- **Permadeath:** If your character dies, you lose all your progress and must start over.


## Controls
- **Movement:** Use the WASD keys or arrow keys to move your character.
- **Basic Attack:** Click the left mouse button to attack.
- **Ultimate Attack:** Click the right mouse button to cast ultimate attack(remember that every ultimate attack level up also increases mana cost) 


## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Added description to readme.md

README.md, after:

 # A game modeled on realm of mad god (University Project)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

This action-adventure game developed as a university project. Set in a vibrant pixelated world, players navigate through challenging levels and battle enemies. 

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [How_to_play](#how_to_play)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

### 1. Clone the Repository:
```	bash
git clone https://github.com/Hunter2k02/pygame_game
cd pygame_game
```	
### 2. Install Dependencies:
```	bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```	
### 3. Run the Game:
```	bash
python main.py
```	

## How_to_play
- **Objective:** Survive as long as possible, defeat enemies to strengthen your character. Your ultimate goal is to defeat the final boss located at the end of the map.
- **Leveling Up:** Gain experience by defeating monsters. Use experience points to level up your character and unlock new abilities.
- **Permadeath:** If your character dies, you lose all your progress and must start over.


## Controls
- **Movement:** Use the WASD keys or arrow keys to move your character.
- **Basic Attack:** Click the left mouse button to attack.
- **Ultimate Attack:** Click the right mouse button to cast ultimate attack(remember that every ultimate attack level up also increases mana cost) 


## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
